Task:
Match and group websites by the similarity of their logos.

With this application you can compare images/logos and group them by how similar they are with each other.

It generates the perceptual hash of each image and then compares the hamming distance to decide wheter or not two images are similar.

In my aproach i started by doing some research on the subject. I had never done such a task before, so it was a bit of a challenge.

I had to consider wheter i should compare the logos online or to download them and then do it. I decided that it was best to first download them because if i want to do multiple comparisons it would take a lot of time to do it over and over again, and also if we introduce a separate logo that we want to compare, we would be forced to repeat the long process of accesing every website.

To get the logos i first found the library cheerio, but then decided to use puppeteer, as i found it to be much easier to understand and work with.

As i was testing i realized that the total download time was between 4 and 6 hours. So i decided on improving that. Initially i used puppeteer with a for loop. In the end i swtiched to using puppeteer-cluster which allowed me to run multiple instances at the same time. I also tried Promise.all() but found puppeteer-cluster to be more efficient.

After downloading the logos, the script will generate a file "error.log" in which there are all the errors generated by the websites if there are any.

As for the image comparison, this was a little tricky. I first found about resembleJs as a tool, but i later understood that it compares images pixel by pixel and for my task, needing to compare it from a human perspective or at least close to one, i didn't tought it will be a good choice. So after a little more research i found about perceptual hash, and that this might be a better choice, due to it's ability to "get the general ideea of the image" (not the best way to explain it) or the image fingerprint.

While testing i ran into issues with some of the logos. On the websites that have svg's as the logo my alghorithm would take a screenshot of the background(in most cases white). This forced me to add a check of wheter the logo element is svg or something else. This increased the number of succesfully downloaded logos.

I've also added an html file to visualize the grouped logos from the comparison. Just press the button after you've generated the json file and it will map the list.
Each logo is clickable and it's linked to the website it was taken from.

For reading the file with the links:

```
  const websites = await readData("./logos.snappy.parquet");
```

To download the logos:

```
  await downloadLogo(websites, logosDir, nr);
```

nr - the number of instances to be run at the same time. Depending on the system we can choose to run more
// the default is 3

To normalize all the logos:

```
  normalizeLogos(logosDir, normalizedDir);
```

To generate the phash, compare it with all the files then store it.

```
  const hashList = await generateImageHashes(normalizedDir);
  await compareImages(hashList);
```
